Basic Slint accessibility support (#1294)
slint-ui/slint: docs/builtin_elements.md

  merely a hint. (default: `false`)
* **`dialog-button-role`** (*enum DialogButtonRole*): Specify that this is a button in a `Dialog`.

### Accessibility

Use the following `accessible-` properties to make your items interact well with software like screen readers, braille terminals and other software to make your application accessible.

> * **`accessible-role`** (*enum AccessibleRole*): describe the role of the element. This property is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`accessible-role`** (*enum [`AccessibleRole`](builtin_enums.md#accessiblerole)*): The accessibility role of the element. This property is
```

  mandatory to be able to use any other accessible properties. It should be set to a constant value.
  The default value is `none` for most elements, but is `text` for the Text element.

> * **`accessible-label`** (*string*): defines a string value that labels an interactive element.
>   The  default value is empty for most elements, or is the value of the `text` property for the Text
>   element.
> * **`accessible-description`** (*string*) defines a string value that describes or annotates the current element.
> * **`accessible-checked`** (*bool*) indicates the current "checked" state of checkboxes, radio buttons, and other widgets.
> * **`accessible-has-focus`** (*bool*) indicates that the element currently is in the focused state.
> * **`accessible-value`** (*string*) indicates the current value of the item.
> * **`accessible-value-maximum`** (*float*) indicates the maximum value of the item.
> * **`accessible-value-minimum`** (*float*) indicates the minimum value of the item.
> * **`accessible-value-step`** (*float*) indicates the minimum value by which the current value can change.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Remove the redundant type name, capitalise and tense like the other property docs. Use plural form consistently.

Regarding the `label`, the docs read as if by default we'll set `accessible-label` to `text` for `Text` element, but we don't do that, do we? It's something that needs to be done by the user, right?

```suggestion
* **`accessible-label`** (*string*): The label for an interactive element.
  The  default value is empty for most elements, or is the value of the `text` property for Text
  elements.
* **`accessible-description`** (*string*): The description for the current element.
* **`accessible-checked`** (*bool*): Whether the element is checked or not. This maps to the "checked" state of checkboxes, radio buttons, and other widgets.
* **`accessible-has-focus`** (*bool*): Set to true when the current element currently has the focus.
* **`accessible-value`** (*string*): The current value of the item.
* **`accessible-value-maximum`** (*float*): The maximum value of the item. This is used for example by spin boxes.
* **`accessible-value-minimum`** (*float*): The minimum value of the item.
* **`accessible-value-step`** (*float*) The smallest increment or decrement by which the current value can change. This corresponds to the step by which a handle on a slider can be dragged.
```
